Ｔ Ｈ Ｅ
NIGHT AGENT
SEASON 01   #   EPISODE 04
"Eyes Only"
ROSE: The Deputy Director of the FBI was just murdered Godfather-style.
I'm not stepping into that White House and just handing over their drive.
Not till we know who we can trust.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
You still have the hard drive?
- Yeah.
That's priority 1. Peter. Where have you been?
I found this on the air gap.
The question now is. can you still convince me to trust you?
There you are. I think I found something. Check this out.
Rose. I...
What the fuck is she doing here?
- She's on our side.
ROSE: I heard my aunt say someone in the White House couldn't be trusted.
How long have they worked for you?
Him. over 8 years. Excellent results.
He brought her in a couple of years ago. They make a good team.
Wanna see our new home?
What are you looking for here?
I thought maybe we'll try this for a little while.
See what it's like.
Play house with me.
I'm sending a replacement.
Erik Monks.
I wanted to introduce you to a new member of the security team.
This is Erik. Erik. Maddie Redfield.
You may have heard of him. He saved the last President years ago.
You're the guy who got shot?
- Yes. ma'am.
How'd a guy who saved POTUS...
get stuck on the Vice President's daughter's detail?
Physical therapy. It. uh. it took a while after I got shot.
I guess this is their way of easing an old man back in.
CHELSEA: I need a favor.
I need to know why a national hero...
got assigned to the most thankless detail in the whole Secret Service.
Ｔ Ｈ Ｅ
NIGHT AGENT
SEASON 01   #   EPISODE 04
"Eyes Only"
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]
- WOMAN: Daredevil arriving now.
Copy that. Floor is clear.
WOMAN: Got some interference. Go again.
Floor is clear.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[MACHINES WHIRRING]
- [OBJECTS CLATTERING]
[CROWD APPLAUDING. CHEERING]
WOMAN#2: Mr. President. thank you for supporting union workers.
MAN: Mr. President. Nice to meet you. sir.
MAN#2: Mr. President. over here!
MAN#3: Mr. President!
MAN#4: Mr. President. you're the only reason...
that we're able to keep this facility stateside.
Every worker here would like to shake your hand.
MAN#5: Thank you. Mr. President!
- Eyes on the beard at 12 o'clock.
WOMAN: Monks. your radio...
PRESIDENT: Thank you. Thank you. everyone.
This is what American-made looks like.
Keep up the great work.
- [ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
PRESIDENT: You know. when I was a boy...
a union job at the plant meant honest hours...
The guy with the beard. Someone check out what he's doing.
WOMAN: What was that?
ERIK: He's assembling something.
It provides good wages. health. safety...
ERIK: Gun!
[CROWD GASPING. SCREAMING]
[MEN GRUNTING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[ ♪ INTENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
[ ♪ OPENING THEME MUSIC ♪ ]
[ERIK HUMMING]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Come in.
[TOILET CLATTERING]
[OBJECTS CLATTERING]
Can I help you find something?
- CHELSEA: Pills.
Why?
You got a headache?
I know you're an addict. I know they forced you into rehab...
and I know that if you were anyone other than the boss's old partner...
they'd never have put your ass back on a detail.
I miss anything?
- No. you're mostly right.
Getting shot. that started me on painkillers.
It wouldn't look good to have me wash out...
so they said if I stayed clean for a year. that I could...
[SIGHING HEAVILY]
...I could start back at the bottom.
That's gotta be the biggest boys' club bullshit...
I've ever heard.
You said "mostly right."
Yeah.
You said I was an addict.
I still am. Always will be.
That supposed to make me feel any more confident in your abilities?
It's not supposed to make you feel anything. It's the truth.
It is also true that I am clean now.
I get tested twice a week to prove it.
The Vice President know an addict's protecting his daughter?
I didn't think so.
So tell him. then.
[ ♪ DRAMATIC MUSIC ♪ ]
Drum me out.
All it takes is 1 phone call.
Listen. you're ambitious.
You wanna move up the ranks...
and get on the President's detail one day. right?
Well. maybe I can help you get there.
How's that?
- I can teach you things.
Teach me things?
Like a mentor?
- Yeah.
An old. slow. drug-addicted mentor?
Yeah.
I grew up around junkies in East St. Louis.
My uncle. he went into recovery...
found Jesus. got a job at the local supermarket...
stayed sober until the day he died.
Religion works for some people. meditation for others.
It was the job that did it for him.
I'm glad you got clean.
Hope you stay clean.
But you can't do this job for the wrong reasons.
[DOOR OPENING]
I don't disagree.
- Good.
'Cause the stakes here are a lot fucking higher than "paper or plastic."
[DOOR CLOSING]
ROSE: Okay. let's just say I buy what you're selling.
That means whoever had my aunt and uncle killed...
did it because of what's on this hard drive.
Which is exactly why I need it.
Then what?
Who could you possibly show it to if you can't trust anyone you work with?
I can trust the President.
You sure about that?
President Travers has been my friend since she ran for state rep.
We've worked together almost 23 years. I know exactly who she is.
Think about the facts.
Travers started the Night Action...
she knew your aunt and uncle. requested them specifically.
If anyone's on your side here. it's her.
But if she hadn't put them on this Night Action. then...
Then the truth would never have been found.
Your aunt and uncle were patriots. Rose.
They knew the risks associated with this assignment.
Now we need to finish their work.
I'll finish it. then.
Excuse me?
Me and Peter.
Let us figure this out.
It's the only way I'm gonna feel safe.
I'm not giving this hard drive to anyone.
When we walked in. you said you found something. What?
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
An address.
- Address for what?
How about this? I'm going to leave here without the drive.
You 2 go to that address and find out whatever you can.
In the meantime. I'll figure out how to present this plan to the President...
in a way that doesn't sound incredibly reckless.
Uh...
does "Osprey" mean anything to you?
Osprey? Like the bird? No. Why?
I heard my uncle mention that he needed to warn Osprey.
It must be a code name.
Let me look into it.
Don't let her out of your sight. not even for a minute.
Yes. ma'am.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
ROSE: Those 2 psychos are still coming for us.
There are no tails. We're good.
Why didn't you call me before you brought her?
Why spring that on me?
I couldn't risk the killers tracking you. okay?
Well. I would have rather known.
I got it. No more surprises.
Find anything else on the drive?
1.000s of files.
What do you know about Omar Zadar?
He's a Balkan dissident who heads up the People's Independence Front.
When the PIF claimed responsibility for the metro attack. he denied it.
Even Farr told me the President never bought that he was involved.
What do you think?
No idea.
People say he's gone legit now that he's running for office. but...
I mean. his group bombed buildings in the past. so...
Either way. PIF. there was never any proof
they were involved in the metro attack.
Maybe Emma and Henry found some evidence.
There's a folder with his name on it on the drive.
Any other names?
Well. I did a search for "Farr" and "Hawkins." Nothing.
Seems. uh...
seems sort of weird that an engineering company...
would be all the way out here. doesn't it?
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[CICADAS CHITTERING]
[CAR APPROACHING]
Can I help you?
Good morning. ma'am. I'm Peter Sutherland. This is...
WOMAN: Hands.
Excuse me?
- Show me your hands. please.
Uh. do you know Emma and Henry Campbell?
No. Should I?
We were hoping to speak with an engineer who worked with them.
We're investigating a...
- Uh. for a news article.
Uh. we work with the Richmond Daily News.
You got the wrong person. Sorry.
Uh. wait. ma'am. please. If we could just ask...
There is nothing you could ask that I would have any answers to.
[ROSE GASPING]
I live alone. I don't know any Ellas or Harrys...
and I don't believe for a second this one here is a journalist.
Now. please...
turn around and be on your way.
Come on.
What?
There is a rusted old wagon behind the barn. right?
No.
Well. there used to be?
- I don't know what you're talking about.
I came here as a kid. I... I rode a pony over that ridge.
I fell over. and I hurt my ankle. and I cried...
and I made magic cookie bars with my Aunt Emma and another woman.
Was that you?
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
Were you followed?
No.
Come inside. then.
Take off your shoes.
House rule.
[DOOR CREAKING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
I'm Rose.
I know.
Lorna.
NARRATOR: The hyena is one of the more curious residents of the Savannah.
Why did you say you didn't know Emma and Henry?
Why did you say you were reporters?
Actually. I'm an FBI Agent.
No shit.
What a shock.
When was the last time that you saw them?
It's been years. Why?
They were murdered 3 days ago.
Where?
- In their home.
I was there too. I barely made it out.
I hadn't heard.
PETER: Really? It's been all over the news.
I stopped watching what passes for the news a while ago.
How did you escape?
I had help.
I'm so sorry.
Emma and Henry...
- I know they were spies.
We found one of their hard drives. and some of the files led us here.
The dates suggest that you were in touch.
- And?
Ma'am. you may not be aware of this. This is a matter of national security.
Is that right?
- PETER: Yes.
Well. in that case. I will tell you my whole life story.
You think maybe you could remove the sidearm...
before coming into my house...
and lecturing me about national fucking security?
It's fine. I'm just... I'm just making a point.
Which is?
- You've no idea what you're getting into.
So tell us. please.
The only thing I'm certain of...
is the more you know. the more dangerous this becomes.
We're past that. okay?
We know someone in the White House has turned traitor.
Whoever that is. we know that they were part of the metro bombing...
and we think that...
another attack is about to happen.
So. please. if... if they said anything to you...
They didn't.
My job was to collect the intel. not analyze it.
I'm supposed to be retired.
But then again. so were they.
What kind of intel were they after?
Blueprints.
Public infrastructure. building permits.
I used to be a civil engineer. so I had the contacts.
I don't know why they needed it. I knew not to ask.
But you must have noticed something. like a pattern. or. like. a detail.
Why?
- You're the only lead we have left.
Look. I've been on the run for 3 days.
The people who killed my aunt and uncle. they're after me now.
Please just tell us something. anything.
[ ♪ DRAMATIC MUSIC ♪ ]
They were wonderful friends.
Loyal.
The files I supplied dealt with city services...
but there were other files they wanted.
Schematics of buildings. all in the same block.
Where?
You won't understand.
- What do you mean?
I mean. you can't understand the files without me.
They're complicated schematics.
So... I guess we're going for a ride.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
What are you drawing?
A girl.
A young woman. actually.
Is it someone you know?
MAN: Somebody I'd like to know better.
MADDIE: Well. I'd love to see it when you're done.
I'd be happy to show you...
when I'm done.
[BRUSHES CLATTERING]
[MADDIE SIGHING]
[MAN SIGHING]
How's it coming?
I don't know.
Might need some help.
You don't need any help.
A little encouragement. maybe.
Um...
I'm not quite sure about the colors.
Don't 2ⁿᵈ-guess yourself.
I like this bit here.
You do?
- Yeah.
Well. what do you like most about it?
The layering.
[WHISPERING] The. uh...
the brushstrokes.
The you in it.
You have incredible instincts. Maddie.
Trust them.
I'm sorry.
Why?
- It was inappropriate of me.
No. it's not.
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
God. this... this is a mistake.
I shouldn't have. okay?
Uh. I'm... I'm sorry.
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
I met them at Middlebury College.
Middlebury?
My aunt went to Vassar.
This was the summer language program at Mid.
Emma was in my Russian intensive. Henry was taking Arabic.
I don't know exactly when they joined the FBI...
but I do know they were recruited as a team.
After that summer. we went our own ways.
I had a normal career...
but after doing some side work for them. they made some introductions.
I carved out a niche in intelligence gathering.
Wait. my... my aunt spoke Russian?
Very well.
She even recruited a couple of Russians to our side.
You didn't hear that from me.
This is crazy.
They acted like nobodies...
who went to garage sales and took cruises every summer.
They weren't on cruises.
So their whole life was a lie?
Not a lie.
A secret.
One that allows you to see things differently...
empowers you.
It's important work.
But no one knows who you really are. What kind of life is that?
The kind that's fucking great.
Does the. uh. code name Osprey mean anything to you?
No.
Okay.
- How did you get mixed up in all this?
Oh. he works in the White House.
When I called the emergency number my uncle gave me. Peter answered.
White-glove service.
I'm just a guy who answers the phone.
Uh-huh. So Pete Sutherland's boy works the Night Action line.
Wait. you knew my father?
No.
But you were on the metro that night?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I was.
Take the next exit.
This is the place.
Something either happened or is gonna happen on this block.
At least Emma and Henry thought so.
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
PETER: No obvious targets.
Are there any government buildings around here. contractors?
LORNA: No.
[SIREN WAILING]
Can we get off the street?
It doesn't feel safe out here.
There's a café.
I'll walk you through the files. See if we can figure out what they mean.
I'll meet you guys back here in 10 minutes.
I'm gonna have a look around.
- Good thinking.
This portion of the grid covers this area.
There's the nearest hub.
Why would my aunt and uncle want intel on power grids and gas lines?
Searching for vulnerabilities.
Sabotage targets. maybe.
But what's important enough to be a target around here?
Got me.
Okay. what's "video footage"?
That's not mine. Gimme.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Looks like traffic cameras.
Security footage.
There's a folder for every address on the block.
There's even one for this place.
Okay. What were they looking for?
How long have you known him?
Peter? Um. just a few days.
You know about his father. right?
And what he was accused of?
Some. Why?
- You don't think it's strange?
He was on the metro when the bomb blew. now he's investigating it.
So? [CHUCKLING]
So... search the drive for his name.
Why?
Because I don't like coincidences.
Neither should you.
Okay.
- [KEYBOARD CLACKING]
[DOOR OPENING]
Hey. You find anything?
[DOOR CLOSING]
- No. You?
Just a dentist office. some accountant buildings. Nothing.
Everything okay?
Yeah. Oh!
Uh. would you mind getting some paper towels from the bathroom?
Yeah. of course.
- Man. I'm such a...
That was a bit dramatic.
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
Nothing.
Feel better?
Maybe.
You?
[DOOR SQUEAKING]
[LOW RUMBLING]
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
Excuse me. Is that the metro I just felt?
Yeah. Runs right underneath here.
LORNA: Thanks.
- What if it was a mistake?
What?
The metro bombing.
Look.
The bomb detonated here. right?
That's just because I stopped the train.
What if it was meant to explode someplace else?
What. like here?
But there's no other metro stops nearby.
Yeah. no stops. but the tunnel runs directly under Wilson Boulevard.
I felt it shake the hell out of the bathroom.
ROSE: Okay. what's the difference...
between a bomb going off in one location versus another?
Maybe it's closer to street level here.
- It isn't.
Bring up the neighborhood schematics again.
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
Okay. there's a major gas line that bisects a train tunnel.
If it did go off under here. what would happen?
If something were to hit that gas main. it'd take out 2 full city blocks.
But why here though?
I don't know.
When you got on the metro that night. you prevented something.
You wanna know what this traitor in the White House is planning?
You need to determine what they failed to accomplish a year ago here.
Bro. You know you gotta pay for that map.
Okay. what about...?
That one is Charlotte.
Harper.
Harper. right.
Badger can only take her in small doses.
Me. even smaller.
You blend right in. don't you?
- That's the idea.
Badger likes you.
Didn't your POTUS like you?
Oh. he liked me fine.
Never posted selfies with me.
For a second. I thought you might be paying me a compliment.
Everyone's got their own style.
That's right. And my style is the reason I'm the only team leader.
Maddie hasn't burned or gotten fired.
It's not because I blend. It's because I understand her.
I get it. You're her friend.
It's not about being her friend. It's about being allowed in.
Your methods might work with a 65-year-old President...
whose every move is mapped out weeks in advance...
but this is a 20-year-old impulsive college girl.
Wanna protect her? You have to know her better than she knows herself.
And you do?
I know what she likes. what party she'll wanna go to...
all her spoiled little friends...
who's safe. who's sketchy.
I know Harper's about to meet with her douchebag boyfriend...
who once sent Maddie a dick pic.
I guess I'm just more comfortable observing at a distance.
Good. Then that's right where I'll keep you.
You sure we can't drop you off?
You don't wanna slow down for me.
Always assume you're being followed. Keep pushing forward.
Thank you for everything.
They were so proud of you. Rosie.
They told you that?
- And more.
Maybe when this is over. I could come over and...
Yeah. I would love that.
ROSE: Okay.
Wait. wait. wait.
You knew him. didn't you?
I'm sorry to put you on the spot. I just...
I have so many questions.
Questions. or doubts?
The government kept everything about his case classified.
If you know anything...
I'm sorry. I did not know your father personally.
But I knew 2 Agents who worked his case.
So you think he's guilty?
They certainly did.
- So why haven't I seen proof?
If you did find proof. what would that change?
Everything.
The truth is everything to me.
Truth? [SCOFFING]
It can also bring pain.
I suggest you stop worrying about him.
Focus on her.
Thank you.
- Yeah.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
[CAR ENGINE STARTING]
Hello?
- Yo. yo.
The BOLO turned up the car you're looking for.
Trooper spotted it parked in a residential neighborhood...
outside Silver Spring.
Is it abandoned?
Unclear. Headed there now.
Okay. Cisco. listen to me. These people are dangerous. man.
Ooh. Talking dirty to me now.
I'm serious. okay? Just...
I can't tell you anymore but hold off.
Send me the address. Don't do anything till I get there.
All right. we'll let you in on the fun.
WOMAN: Didn't I tell you?
This is so nice.
Hmm. We can't stay long.
It's dangerous.
Don't you like it here?
Yeah. I like it.
I don't want to become like them.
Like who?
- The people who hire us.
Pampered...
soft...
entitled.
All I want is work and... you.
[ ♪ BALLAD SONG ♪ ]
♪ When marimba rhythms start to play ♪
♪ Dance with me ♪
How's it going in there?
- WOMAN: Bleak.
Microwave mac and cheese. condensed mushroom soup.
It's like they're trying to kill themselves with preservatives.
Wait.
Marinara sauce?
Yeah. I'll take it.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
MAN: Yes.
Where are you?
MAN: I'm cooking dinner.
If I give you a set of coordinates. how soon can you be ready?
Well. send the coordinates and find out.
Sending the coordinates.
And I guess we'll find out.
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
Cisco. this is Rose.
Howdy.
- How's it going?
My boy Korman has been knocking on some doors.
I told you to wait. man.
Relax. grumpapotamus. We got a tip.
See that place for sale?
Neighbor says the owners are out of town while they're doing open houses.
Past couple of nights. there've been a few lights on.
Like right now?
Called the realtor. No one's to be there.
Owners gave us permission to enter.
Did you knock?
- You told me to wait. remember?
Let's gear up.
So I finally scored a 1ˢᵗ date. right?
And check this out. I'm cooking her dinner.
She's a little out of my league. I know. but shoot for the stars. right?
Yeah. she's... she's beautiful.
- Yeah?
Hey. What is this?
Uh. busted.
You stole Kevin.
- I earned him.
I earned him.
Hold on to this. Rose. please. Thank you.
[TRUNK CLOSING]
I have so many questions.
You gonna be okay in the car?
Yeah. I got company.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
[ ♪ SONG ON RADIO ♪ ]
♪ Have you heard there's a new casanova? ♪
♪ He's a whiz when it comes to romance ♪
♪ And he is such a true casanova ♪
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC SWELLING ♪ ]
[OBJECT THUDDING]
[ROSE SIGHING]
♪ With his eyes so romantic He drives the ladies frantic ♪
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC SWELLING ♪ ]
[PETER PANTING]
[PETER WHISPERING] Good.
[HOUSE ALARM BEEPING]
[KEYPAD BEEPING]
[KETTLE WHISTLING]
[LORNA EXHALING SLOWLY]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
I ask my guests to remove their shoes before coming inside.
MAN: Don't worry.
We'll clean up after.
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
[ ♪ INTENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
[SHOTGUN COCKING]
We just wanna play.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
We got off to a bad start.
You spoke to the niece and her FBI friend.
What did you tell them?
Go fuck yourself.
[WOMAN CHUCKLING]
I'm gonna have fun with you.
Get it over with.
I don't have anything to say to you.
Maybe.
But on the off chance that you develop a change of heart...
let's go through the motions.
[SIREN WAILING]
ERIK: Gun!
[PEOPLE CLAMORING. SCREAMING]
MAN: Roll it back a few seconds.
PRESIDENT: ...is the backbone of the...
- Pause it. Look.
He sees it.
He knows he's gonna get shot. and he's like. "Fuck it. I'm all in."
Brass balls.
[CHELSEA WINCING] Damn it.
Don't you fanboys have a shift starting soon?
You should check out this video.
I've seen it. thanks.
Yeah. but this one's got slow-mo and music.
He's fucking Captain America.
With a bum knee and a bullet hole in his shoulder.
Whatever. Dude will never pay for another drink in his life.
Too bad he's sober.
[CLAMORING ON VIDEO]
[ ♪ CONTEMPLATIVE MUSIC ♪ ]
How's it going?
Good. Jeff just left his laptop out again.
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
We don't have adjoining rooms. but I can do 2 on the same floor.
That's fine. Thank you.
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
Uh. 1 room. then. with 2 beds.
Okay. Just a sec.
Maybe. uh. you could help us. actually.
She's under my protection.
There's a man that's been stalking her.
Uh. my... my ex-boyfriend.
Oh.
Yeah. He couldn't handle the breakup.
Wanted to control me.
At 1ˢᵗ. it started with threats. and then he started following me.
Oh no.
- Killed my cat.
Stop.
And get this. he was doing it all while shacking up with a new girl.
Anyways. she wants me dead too. now.
That's... horrible.
Yeah. it is. But you shouldn't have anything to worry about.
So if someone comes in here asking about us...
just do me a favor. turn them away and call our room. please.
Of course.
- PETER: Thank you.
ROSE: Thanks.
Have a good night.
Good night.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC ♪ ]
[SIREN WAILING]
[DOOR LOCK CLICKING]
Hey.
- PETER: Hey.
What's for dinner?
Chicken and waffles.
Ooh. 2 courses. Yes and yes.
Find anything on the hard drive?
I'm just reading up about this Zadar guy.
What's the verdict?
Nothing here one way or the other...
but I can't find a good enough explanation...
for why he would plant a bomb on U.S. soil if he's trying to go legit.
I mean. maybe someone in the White House...
had offered him something to do it to keep their hands clean.
PETER: Yeah.
You should come eat.
Rose.
Come eat.
- Hey... Uh. yeah. sorry.
I mean. why would someone in the White House stage a terror attack?
There's no excuse for it.
If we find proof that Hawkins or somebody else is in on it...
Motive doesn't matter.
- I disagree. The why is everything.
Oh my God.
Mmm.
- What do you think? Is it good?
You know. this place is way too shabby for such a gourmet dinner.
Yeah. I was thankful they. uh. redeemed
my Frank's Shitty Motel reward points.
Did they at least waive the resort fee?
No. but. you know. once I took a walk around...
saw the size of the pool. I was like...
This place has a pool?
No.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
Did you travel much with your fiancée?
With Zoe?
No.
Well. at least...
not as much as she would've liked.
Guess I would've liked to as well. but...
Work.
PETER: No. I just. um...
I was tuned out.
You know. after the. uh. metro bombing and the...
all the conspiracy shit. I was just. uh...
I don't know. I shelled up.
I'm in my own head a lot as it is.
You know. if I'm being honest. I. um...
should've probably talked to her a little more...
about what I was going through...
considering I wanted to spend my life with her. but I...
Well. I don't think people need to be constantly talking...
to be tuned into each other.
You see those old couples in restaurants...
they don't say a word the whole time. and I think they seem pretty happy.
Yeah. nothing left to say.
I don't think that's it.
I think there's an understanding.
They're just comfortable together in the silence.
[ ♪ CONTEMPLATIVE MUSIC ♪ ]
Look. I can get another room.
It's not that big a deal.
I know.
Any more syrups?
Here you go. How many do you... how many do you need?
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
You know. I'm. uh...
I'm sorry to hear about what happened to your cat.
Poor Whiskers.
That was his name?
Her name.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[PETER SNORING]
[ ♪ DRAMATIC MUSIC ♪ ]
[MAN GRUNTING]
She took longer than expected.
[MAN PANTING]
Yeah.
I knew she wouldn't go easy.
She was a real pro. huh?
She was.
My turn.
[BIRDS CHIRPING. SQUAWKING]
Morning.
Morning. You snore.
[PETER CHUCKLING]
Yeah. I've been. uh. I've been told.
I wake you up?
- Just a couple of times.
PETER: Shit. sorry.
It's okay.
Glad you finally got some sleep.
Yeah. same.
You find something new on the. uh. surveillance feed?
Not that I can see.
The date range is the week leading up to the bombing...
so I'm basically profiling anyone who looks remotely sketchy.
Was there ever a suspect for the metro bombing?
Besides me?
I'm serious.
Yeah. actually.
He had a. uh. black jacket over a hoodie.
Couldn't really see his face though.
Almost caught him too.
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
He had a. uh. rattlesnake tattoo on his side.
I told the investigators. but they were never able to identify anybody.
Okay.
Black jacket. I'm on it.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
[PETER SIGHING]
[PETER SNIFFLING]
[PHONE LINE RINGING]
DIANE: Peter.
- Hey. Is this the new number?
You were right.
Secret Service found spyware on my cell. That must be how they tracked you.
Switch burners after this. then text me your new number.
PETER: Yeah. will do.
- DIANE: How are you 2?
That address turn up anything?
We think the Campbells found evidence...
that the metro bomb was for a different target.
What do you mean?
Something above ground.
I'm confused. That line doesn't run above ground.
I'll explain it better in person. but we think there will be another attack.
Jesus.
Peter. we need to share this with the FBI.
End of day. understood?
Understood.
ERIK: Does this open?
It's just office hours. I'm in here every day.
Okay. we're good.
You got your panic button?
[ ♪ UNSETTLING MUSIC ♪ ]
Yes. Thanks.
[ ♪ DRAMATIC MUSIC ♪ ]
[DOOR CLOSING]
- Sorry. the new guy's extra.
Nah. it's his job to protect you.
Like a warden to his inmates.
I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
I feel bad about yesterday...
and I just don't want you to be. like. freaked out or...
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
I shouldn't be doing this.
We need to keep talking. or he might start to think that...
That this is happening.
If someone finds out. I'll lose my job.
and you'll be in the middle of a scandal.
I can't do that to you.
Well. what if we could be alone for a couple hours?
Somewhere private. maybe your place?
Right.
And Secret Service will just wait outside the door while we...
While we what?
No one can find out about this.
No one.
You told me to trust my instincts. You should too.
I can ditch the Agents. I've done it before.
I... I swear. we'll be all alone.
If it's what you want.
[ ♪ DRAMATIC MUSIC ♪ ]
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
CHELSEA: How's the shoulder?
All good. Thanks.
I'm curious.
What did it feel like. taking that hit in Ohio?
Um. it hurt.
I mean. I know that sounds obvious...
but I remember being weirdly surprised by that.
Not exactly sure what I expected...
but I guess some people black out. some go into shock.
Me?
All I remember is the pain.
Would you do it again?
Listen. maybe I do need this job to stay clean. all right?
Maybe I do.
But that still doesn't mean that I'm not up to it.
The bar was a mistake. I own that.
Don't question my commitment.
My approach is different than yours and maybe even antiquated...
but I will adapt.
Here comes Harper.
Hey. How's it going?
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
No suspicious black jackets on video in the days leading up to the attack.
What about the morning of?
Yeah. that's where I'm at.
Just some woman sitting in that café for 5 hours...
staring out the window and talking to herself.
Show me.
[ ♪ TENSE MUSIC ♪ ]
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
She's not talking to herself. She's talking into a mic.
Zoom in.
Hold on. I'll sharpen it.
How could you be sure they aren't on the right track?
Because my operatives already spoke to the woman in question.
She gave up what little info she had.
Sutherland and the girl...
are not close enough for us to be worried yet.
And what happened to her? The woman.
MAN: Probably best not to say.
[SIGHING] Jesus.
You wanted loose ends tied up.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. I get it.
When is this all gonna be over?
Soon.
Okay. what am I looking for?
- Shit.
ROSE: What?
She's Secret Service.
How could you be so sure?
'Cause I know her.
[ ♪ SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC SWELLING ♪ ]
Good morning. Mr. Vice President.
Good morning. She in there? I got this.
- CHELSEA: Yes.
Okay. if she's Secret Service. then that means...
She's on somebody's protection detail.
Rose. this isn't a terrorist attack anymore...
this is an assassination attempt.
On who?
REDFIELD: Hey. sweetie.
Already with the look.
MADDIE: We both know why you're here. so get on with it.
I went to a bar. a guy talked to me.
- REDFIELD: Maddie...
REDFIELD: Why do you have to go out of your way to have problems?
MADDIE: How is going to a bar going out of my way to have problems?
REDFIELD: You don't need to go to a bar! Why don't you try studying?
[ ♪ MUSIC FADES ♪ ]
Ｔ Ｈ Ｅ
NIGHT AGENT
[ ♪ END THEME MUSIC ♪ ]